README.md, before:

<div align="center">
	<br>
	<br>
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="src/assets/logos/reactbits-gh-black.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="src/assets/logos/reactbits-gh-white.svg">
      <img src="src/assets/logos/reactbits-gh-black.svg" alt="react-bits logo" width="1000">
    </picture>
	<br>
	<br>
</div>

<div align="center">
  The largest & most creative library of animated React components.
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/stargazers"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/davidhdev/react-bits"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/blob/main/LICENSE.md"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT+Commons_Clause-magenta"></a>
  
</div>

## Documentation

Go to [reactbits.dev](https://reactbits.dev/) to view the documentation.

## About

React Bits is a collection of animated React components, made to help you stand out through your web creations. We have four main component categories - text animations, animations, components and backgrounds - all free for you to use and all enhanced with customization options as props, to make it easy for you to get exactly what you need out of the box.

## Key Features

- 110+ total components (text animations, animations, components, backgrounds), growing every week
- All components are built with minimal dependencies, and are highly customizable through props
- You get the code, so you can further personalize and enhance the components
- Designed to integrate seamlessly with any modern React project
- Components come in 4 variants, to keep everyone happy: JS-CSS, JS-TW, TS-CSS, TS-TW

## CLI (<a href="https://jsrepo.dev"><img src="https://jsrepo.dev/badges/jsrepo.svg" width="50" alt="jsrepo"></a>)

React Bits uses [jsrepo](https://jsrepo.dev) for installing components via CLI. </br>
The setup steps can be found on each component's page in the [documentation](https://reactbits.dev/).

## How To Contribute?

Contributions are welcome! Check the [Open Issues](https://github.com/DavidHDev/react-bits/issues) to see how you can help or submit ideas using the [Feature Request template](https://github.com/DavidHDev/react-bits/issues/new?template=2-feature-request.yml).</br>
Please review the [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/DavidHDev/react-bits/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and follow our standards. Thanks for your time!

## Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=davidhdev/react-bits" />
</a>

## Maintainers

[David Haz](https://github.com/DavidHDev)

## Official Ports

VueJS → https://vue-bits.dev/

## Stats

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/b1bf4dc0226458617adbdbf5586f2df953eb0922.svg 'Repobeats analytics image')

## Sponsorship

You can help support the project by using the Sponsor button on the page - please note that any donations received will go strictly towards paying hosting costs, nothing else.

## Credit

React Bits may sometimes take inspiration from publicly available code examples online. These examples are rewritten as full-fledged, customizable, and reusable components for JS, TS, CSS, and Tailwind codebases. If you recognize any of your work here, just request credit and it will be granted.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT + Commons Clause license](https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

feat: documentation refactor + shadcn registry

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
	<br>
	<br>
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="src/assets/logos/reactbits-gh-black.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="src/assets/logos/reactbits-gh-white.svg">
      <img src="src/assets/logos/reactbits-gh-black.svg" alt="react-bits logo" width="1000">
    </picture>
	<br>
	<br>
</div>

<div align="center">
  The largest & most creative library of animated React components.
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/stargazers"><img alt="GitHub Repo stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/davidhdev/react-bits"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/blob/main/LICENSE.md"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT+Commons_Clause-magenta"></a>
  
</div>

## Documentation

Go to [reactbits.dev](https://reactbits.dev/) to view the documentation.

## About

React Bits is a collection of animated React components, made to help you stand out through your web creations. We have four main component categories - text animations, animations, components and backgrounds - all free for you to use and all enhanced with customization options as props, to make it easy for you to get exactly what you need out of the box.

## Key Features

- 110+ total components (text animations, animations, components, backgrounds), growing every week
- All components are built with minimal dependencies, and are highly customizable through props
- You get the code, so you can further personalize and enhance the components
- Designed to integrate seamlessly with any modern React project
- Components come in 4 variants, to keep everyone happy: JS-CSS, JS-TW, TS-CSS, TS-TW

## Installing Components Via CLI

React Bits supports both [shadcn](https://ui.shadcn.com/) and [jsrepo](https://jsrepo.dev) for quick installs. </br>
Each component demo provides CLI commands, ready for you to copy and run. Detailed instructions can also be found [here](https://reactbits.dev/get-started/installation).

## How To Contribute?

Contributions are welcome! Check the [Open Issues](https://github.com/DavidHDev/react-bits/issues) to see how you can help or submit ideas using the [Feature Request template](https://github.com/DavidHDev/react-bits/issues/new?template=2-feature-request.yml).</br>
Please review the [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/DavidHDev/react-bits/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and follow our standards. Thanks for your time!

## Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=davidhdev/react-bits" />
</a>

## Maintainers

[David Haz](https://github.com/DavidHDev)

## Official Ports

VueJS → https://vue-bits.dev/

## Stats

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/b1bf4dc0226458617adbdbf5586f2df953eb0922.svg 'Repobeats analytics image')

## Sponsorship

You can help support the project by using the Sponsor button on the page - please note that any donations received will go strictly towards paying hosting costs, nothing else.

## Credit

React Bits may sometimes take inspiration from publicly available code examples online. These examples are rewritten as full-fledged, customizable, and reusable components for JS, TS, CSS, and Tailwind codebases. If you recognize any of your work here, just request credit and it will be granted.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT + Commons Clause license](https://github.com/davidhdev/react-bits/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
